README.md, before:

# Statistics

## Number of Orders per day
```
SELECT date_trunc('day', "accepted_by_packer_at") AS day, COUNT(*) AS finished_orders
FROM "multi_order" AS m
JOIN "order_in_multi_order" ON "multi_order_id" = "m"."id"
WHERE "state" = 'accepted_in_packing' 
AND "accepted_by_packer_at" >= '2021-10-01 00:00:00' 
AND "accepted_by_packer_at" <= '2021-10-31 23:59:59' 
GROUP BY day
ORDER BY "day"
```


## Number of MultiOrders per day
```
SELECT date_trunc('day', "accepted_by_packer_at") AS day, COUNT(*) AS finished_multi_orders
FROM "multi_order" AS m
WHERE "state" = 'accepted_in_packing' 
AND "accepted_by_packer_at" >= '2021-10-01 00:00:00' 
AND "accepted_by_packer_at" <= '2021-10-31 23:59:59' 
GROUP BY day
ORDER BY "day"
```

## Number of picks per day:
```
SELECT date_trunc('day', "accepted_by_packer_at") AS day, SUM(sub_order.quantity) AS picked_quantity
FROM "sub_order"
JOIN "picker_command" ON "picker_command"."id" = "sub_order"."picker_command_id"
JOIN "sub_multi_order" ON "sub_multi_order"."id" = "picker_command"."sub_multi_order_id"
JOIN "multi_order" ON "multi_order"."id" = "sub_multi_order"."multi_order_id"
WHERE "sub_multi_order"."state" = 'flushed_to_runner'
AND "multi_order"."accepted_by_packer_at" >= '2021-10-01 00:00:00'
AND "multi_order"."accepted_by_packer_at" <= '2021-10-31 23:59:59'
GROUP BY "day"
ORDER BY "day"
```

## List of Orders fulfilled in a day
```
SELECT date_trunc('day', "accepted_by_packer_at") AS day, wms_order_id, cell_id, packing_delivery_unit, fulfillment_start_at, accepted_by_packer_at
FROM "multi_order" AS m
JOIN "order_in_multi_order" AS oim ON "multi_order_id" = "m"."id"
JOIN "order" AS o ON "oim"."order_id" = "o"."id"
WHERE "m"."state" = 'accepted_in_packing' 
AND "accepted_by_packer_at" >= '2021-10-01 00:00:00' 
AND "accepted_by_packer_at" <= '2021-10-31 23:59:59' 
ORDER BY "accepted_by_packer_at"
```

## Average number of Orders in MultiOrder:
```
SELECT AVG(c)
FROM (
SELECT m.id, COUNT(*) as c
FROM "multi_order" AS m
JOIN "order_in_multi_order" ON "multi_order_id" = "m"."id"
WHERE "state" = 'accepted_in_packing' 
AND "accepted_by_packer_at" >= '2021-11-02 00:00:00' 
AND "accepted_by_packer_at" <= '2021-11-02 23:59:59'
GROUP BY "m"."id" 
) AS tmp
```

## Average number of Items (quantity) in Orders fulfilled on specific date
```
SELECT AVG(quantity)
FROM (
SELECT o.id, SUM(s.quantity) AS quantity
FROM "multi_order" AS m
JOIN "order_in_multi_order" AS oim ON "oim"."multi_order_id" = "m"."id"
JOIN "order" AS o ON "o"."id" = "oim"."order_id"
JOIN "sub_order" AS s ON "s"."order_id" = "o"."id"
WHERE "m"."state" = 'accepted_in_packing' 
AND "accepted_by_packer_at" >= '2021-11-05 00:00:00' 
AND "accepted_by_packer_at" <= '2021-11-05 23:59:59'
GROUP BY "o"."id"
) as tmp
```

## Average number of stops per MultiOrder:
```
SELECT AVG(c)
FROM (
SELECT m.id, COUNT(*) as c
FROM "multi_order" AS m
JOIN "sub_multi_order" AS smo ON "multi_order_id" = "m"."id"
WHERE "m"."state" = 'accepted_in_packing' 
AND "accepted_by_packer_at" >= '2021-11-02 14:00:00' 
AND "accepted_by_packer_at" <= '2021-11-02 23:59:59'
GROUP BY "m"."id" 
) tmp
```

## Average time Runner was waiting at packing since EMANS accepted packing request:

```
SELECT AVG("accepted_by_packer_at" - "accepted_by_wms"), MIN("accepted_by_packer_at" - "accepted_by_wms"), MAX("accepted_by_packer_at" - "accepted_by_wms")
FROM (
SELECT m.id, e.accepted_at AS accepted_by_wms, m.accepted_by_packer_at + INTERVAL '1 hour' AS accepted_by_packer_at
FROM multi_order AS m
JOIN external_command AS e ON "e"."multiorder_id" = "m"."id"
WHERE "e"."type" = 'pack'
AND "m"."accepted_by_packer_at" >= '2021-11-02 00:00'
AND "m"."accepted_by_packer_at" < '2021-11-02 23:59'
) AS tmp
```

## Average time Runner was waiting at packing since we started to try to send the packing request to EMANS:
```
SELECT AVG("accepted_by_packer_at" - "accepted_by_wms"), MIN("accepted_by_packer_at" - "accepted_by_wms"), MAX("accepted_by_packer_at" - "accepted_by_wms")
FROM (
SELECT m.id, e.created_at AS accepted_by_wms, m.accepted_by_packer_at AS accepted_by_packer_at
FROM multi_order AS m
JOIN external_command AS e ON "e"."multiorder_id" = "m"."id"
WHERE "e"."type" = 'pack'
AND "m"."accepted_by_packer_at" >= '2021-11-02 00:00'
AND "m"."accepted_by_packer_at" < '2021-11-02 23:59'
) AS tmp
```

## WMS Order IDs for MultiOrder
```
SELECT multi_order_id, order_id, position_in_matrix, wms_order_id
FROM multi_order AS m
JOIN order_in_multi_order AS oim ON "m"."id" = "oim"."multi_order_id"
JOIN "order" AS o ON "o"."id" = "oim"."order_id"
WHERE "m"."id"=12831 
```

## Boxes assigned to MultiOrder
```
SELECT DISTINCT b.*
FROM box AS b
JOIN fleet_command AS fc ON "b"."fleet_command_id" = "fc"."id"
JOIN fleet_command_station AS fcs ON "fcs"."fleet_command_id" = "fc"."id"
JOIN picker_command AS pc ON "pc"."id" = "fcs"."picker_command_id"
JOIN sub_multi_order AS smo ON "smo"."id" = "pc"."sub_multi_order_id"
WHERE "smo"."multi_order_id" = '12831'
ORDER BY "b"."position_in_matrix"
```

### MultiOrder and SubMultiOrders assigned to Runner
```
SELECT *
FROM runner AS r
JOIN fleet_command AS fc ON "fc"."runner_id" = "r"."id"
JOIN fleet_command_station AS fcs ON "fcs"."fleet_command_id" = "fc"."id"
JOIN picker_command AS pc ON "pc"."id" = "fcs"."picker_command_id"
JOIN sub_multi_order AS smo ON "smo"."id" = "pc"."sub_multi_order_id"
WHERE "r"."id" = '19' AND "fc"."state" != 'success'
```

## Stop all locked multi-orders
Stop all MultiOrders that are locked. No new Runner shold be assigned / no MultiOrder started.

```
UPDATE "multi_order" 
SET "state" = 'failed'
WHERE "state" = 'locked';
```

Then put them back (**ONLY if there were no other `failed` when running previous script**):

```
UPDATE "multi_order" 
SET "state" = 'locked'
WHERE "state" = 'failed';
```

## Remove failed multiorders and retry
Removes all failed multiorders and mark all connected orders as new to forece core to retry

```
--- 
--- Alter 
---
WITH R as (
    SELECT 
        M.id as m_id, M.state as m_state,
        O.id as o_id, O.state as o_state
    FROM "multi_order" M
        INNER JOIN "order_in_multi_order" OM ON OM.multi_order_id = M.id
        INNER JOIN "order" O ON OM.order_id = O.id
    WHERE 
        M.state='failed' AND O.state='locked'
)
UPDATE
    "order" AS O
SET
    state = 'new'
FROM R
WHERE 
    O.id = R.o_id AND R.m_state = 'failed' and R.o_state = 'locked';

---
--- Clean up
---
DELETE FROM  
    "picker_command" P
USING 
    "sub_multi_order" SM,
    "multi_order" M
WHERE 
    SM.multi_order_id = M.id AND 
    P.sub_multi_
    "multi_order" M
WHERE 
    SM.multi_order_id = M.id AND 
    M.state='failed';

---
DELETE FROM
    "external_command" EC
USING 
    "multi_order" M
WHERE 
    EC.multiorder_id = M.id AND
    M.state='failed';

---
DELETE FROM 
    "order_in_multi_order" OM
USING
    "multi_order" M
WHERE 
    M.state='failed' AND OM.multi_order_id = M.id;

---
DELETE FROM 
    "multi_order"
WHERE 
    state='failed';
DELETE FROM 
    "sub_multi_order" SM 
USING 
    "multi_order" M
WHERE 
    SM.multi_order_id = M.id AND 
    M.state='failed';

---
DELETE FROM
    "external_command" EC
USING 
    "multi_order" M
WHERE 
    EC.multiorder_id = M.id AND
    M.state='failed';

---
DELETE FROM 
    "order_in_multi_order" OM
USING
    "multi_order" M
WHERE 
    M.state='failed' AND OM.multi_order_id = M.id;

---
DELETE FROM 
    "multi_order"
WHERE 
    state='failed';
```

# Matrix Table

## Matrix Table does not store to slot

### Find PickerCommand in sector
```
SELECT * 
FROM "picker_command" AS pc, "sub_multi_order" AS smo
WHERE "sector_id" = <SECTOR_ID> AND pc.sub_multi_order_id = smo.id
```

### Did we send PickerComand?
- TODO:
 
### Did EMANS accept PickerCommand
- TODO:

### Did EMANS confirmed picking finished?
- TODO:

## Matrix Table does no flush slot
- Is there a goods stored in a slot?
- Is there a Runner under a slot? Did fleet notified runner has arrived?
- Did we send the flush request to Table?
- Did Table confirm the flush request?
- Did Table end us flush finished notification?
- TODO:

# Fleet

## Fleet does not continue after flush
- Did Table notify Core that flushing was finished?
- Did we send Fleet continue request?
- Did Fleet accept continue request?
- Did Fleet send notification Runner has arrived to the station?
- Is the target station for the Runner free? Isn't there deadlock - cyclical dependency?

## Fleet does not continue after packing
### Did EMANS notify Core that packing was finished?

### Did we send Fleet continue request?
- Did Fleet accept continue request?
- Did Fleet send notification Runner has arrived to the station?
- Is the target station for the Runner free? Isn't there deadlock - cyclical dependency?

Solutions:
- Change state of runner from PICKING -> PICKING_DONE

## Positions and open-times for Fleet Command

```
SELECT fcs.id, position_id, state, fleet_continue_request_id, fleet_position_id
FROM "fleet_command_station" AS fcs, "position" AS p
WHERE "fleet_command_id" = '523' AND fcs.position_id = p.id
LIMIT 50
```

# Packing
## Does Core know Runner has arrived to packing?
## Did we send `packing_request` to EMANS?
- Check if ExternalCommand with type `pack` and multiorder_id exists 
- Resolve:
- set multi_order back to in_progress
- set fleet_command back to in_progress
- set last packing `fleet_command_station` from `arrived` back to `planned`
- restart application

## Did EMANS accept `packing_request`?
- Did EMANS send us packing finished notification?

- Did we send command to Fleet?
- Did Fleet acknowledged the command?
- Did Fleet confirmed

# Locking

## EMANS has MultiOrder locked, but we do not have command accepted
They respond with HTTP 403 to out repeated requests.

**Solution:** Set state of `external_command = accepted` and restart.

# Special Queries

## Find Order, that adds the most (maximizes) average quantity per stop to already chosen Orders
```
SELECT "o"."id" AS oid, AVG(quantity) AS avg
FROM sub_order AS s, "order" AS o
WHERE "s"."order_id" <= 2000 OR "s"."order_id" = "o"."id"
GROUP BY o.id
ORDER BY avg DESC
```

## Find Orders with minimal number of sectors
```
SELECT order_id, count(sub_order.sector_id) AS sector_count 
FROM "order"
JOIN "sub_order" ON "sub_order"."order_id" = "order"."id"
WHERE "order".state = 'new' 
GROUP BY order_id 
ORDER BY sector_count
```

Commit message:

List of blocked slots and number of sub_multi_orders assigned to them
query List of blocked slots and number of sub_multi_orders assigned to them

README.md, after:

# Statistics

## Number of Orders per day
```
SELECT date_trunc('day', "accepted_by_packer_at") AS day, COUNT(*) AS finished_orders
FROM "multi_order" AS m
JOIN "order_in_multi_order" ON "multi_order_id" = "m"."id"
WHERE "state" = 'accepted_in_packing' 
AND "accepted_by_packer_at" >= '2021-10-01 00:00:00' 
AND "accepted_by_packer_at" <= '2021-10-31 23:59:59' 
GROUP BY day
ORDER BY "day"
```


## Number of MultiOrders per day
```
SELECT date_trunc('day', "accepted_by_packer_at") AS day, COUNT(*) AS finished_multi_orders
FROM "multi_order" AS m
WHERE "state" = 'accepted_in_packing' 
AND "accepted_by_packer_at" >= '2021-10-01 00:00:00' 
AND "accepted_by_packer_at" <= '2021-10-31 23:59:59' 
GROUP BY day
ORDER BY "day"
```

## Number of picks per day:
```
SELECT date_trunc('day', "accepted_by_packer_at") AS day, SUM(sub_order.quantity) AS picked_quantity
FROM "sub_order"
JOIN "picker_command" ON "picker_command"."id" = "sub_order"."picker_command_id"
JOIN "sub_multi_order" ON "sub_multi_order"."id" = "picker_command"."sub_multi_order_id"
JOIN "multi_order" ON "multi_order"."id" = "sub_multi_order"."multi_order_id"
WHERE "sub_multi_order"."state" = 'flushed_to_runner'
AND "multi_order"."accepted_by_packer_at" >= '2021-10-01 00:00:00'
AND "multi_order"."accepted_by_packer_at" <= '2021-10-31 23:59:59'
GROUP BY "day"
ORDER BY "day"
```

## List of Orders fulfilled in a day
```
SELECT date_trunc('day', "accepted_by_packer_at") AS day, wms_order_id, cell_id, packing_delivery_unit, fulfillment_start_at, accepted_by_packer_at
FROM "multi_order" AS m
JOIN "order_in_multi_order" AS oim ON "multi_order_id" = "m"."id"
JOIN "order" AS o ON "oim"."order_id" = "o"."id"
WHERE "m"."state" = 'accepted_in_packing' 
AND "accepted_by_packer_at" >= '2021-10-01 00:00:00' 
AND "accepted_by_packer_at" <= '2021-10-31 23:59:59' 
ORDER BY "accepted_by_packer_at"
```

## Average number of Orders in MultiOrder:
```
SELECT AVG(c)
FROM (
SELECT m.id, COUNT(*) as c
FROM "multi_order" AS m
JOIN "order_in_multi_order" ON "multi_order_id" = "m"."id"
WHERE "state" = 'accepted_in_packing' 
AND "accepted_by_packer_at" >= '2021-11-02 00:00:00' 
AND "accepted_by_packer_at" <= '2021-11-02 23:59:59'
GROUP BY "m"."id" 
) AS tmp
```

## Average number of Items (quantity) in Orders fulfilled on specific date
```
SELECT AVG(quantity)
FROM (
SELECT o.id, SUM(s.quantity) AS quantity
FROM "multi_order" AS m
JOIN "order_in_multi_order" AS oim ON "oim"."multi_order_id" = "m"."id"
JOIN "order" AS o ON "o"."id" = "oim"."order_id"
JOIN "sub_order" AS s ON "s"."order_id" = "o"."id"
WHERE "m"."state" = 'accepted_in_packing' 
AND "accepted_by_packer_at" >= '2021-11-05 00:00:00' 
AND "accepted_by_packer_at" <= '2021-11-05 23:59:59'
GROUP BY "o"."id"
) as tmp
```

## Average number of stops per MultiOrder:
```
SELECT AVG(c)
FROM (
SELECT m.id, COUNT(*) as c
FROM "multi_order" AS m
JOIN "sub_multi_order" AS smo ON "multi_order_id" = "m"."id"
WHERE "m"."state" = 'accepted_in_packing' 
AND "accepted_by_packer_at" >= '2021-11-02 14:00:00' 
AND "accepted_by_packer_at" <= '2021-11-02 23:59:59'
GROUP BY "m"."id" 
) tmp
```

## Average time Runner was waiting at packing since EMANS accepted packing request:

```
SELECT AVG("accepted_by_packer_at" - "accepted_by_wms"), MIN("accepted_by_packer_at" - "accepted_by_wms"), MAX("accepted_by_packer_at" - "accepted_by_wms")
FROM (
SELECT m.id, e.accepted_at AS accepted_by_wms, m.accepted_by_packer_at + INTERVAL '1 hour' AS accepted_by_packer_at
FROM multi_order AS m
JOIN external_command AS e ON "e"."multiorder_id" = "m"."id"
WHERE "e"."type" = 'pack'
AND "m"."accepted_by_packer_at" >= '2021-11-02 00:00'
AND "m"."accepted_by_packer_at" < '2021-11-02 23:59'
) AS tmp
```

## Average time Runner was waiting at packing since we started to try to send the packing request to EMANS:
```
SELECT AVG("accepted_by_packer_at" - "accepted_by_wms"), MIN("accepted_by_packer_at" - "accepted_by_wms"), MAX("accepted_by_packer_at" - "accepted_by_wms")
FROM (
SELECT m.id, e.created_at AS accepted_by_wms, m.accepted_by_packer_at AS accepted_by_packer_at
FROM multi_order AS m
JOIN external_command AS e ON "e"."multiorder_id" = "m"."id"
WHERE "e"."type" = 'pack'
AND "m"."accepted_by_packer_at" >= '2021-11-02 00:00'
AND "m"."accepted_by_packer_at" < '2021-11-02 23:59'
) AS tmp
```

## WMS Order IDs for MultiOrder
```
SELECT multi_order_id, order_id, position_in_matrix, wms_order_id
FROM multi_order AS m
JOIN order_in_multi_order AS oim ON "m"."id" = "oim"."multi_order_id"
JOIN "order" AS o ON "o"."id" = "oim"."order_id"
WHERE "m"."id"=12831 
```

## Boxes assigned to MultiOrder
```
SELECT DISTINCT b.*
FROM box AS b
JOIN fleet_command AS fc ON "b"."fleet_command_id" = "fc"."id"
JOIN fleet_command_station AS fcs ON "fcs"."fleet_command_id" = "fc"."id"
JOIN picker_command AS pc ON "pc"."id" = "fcs"."picker_command_id"
JOIN sub_multi_order AS smo ON "smo"."id" = "pc"."sub_multi_order_id"
WHERE "smo"."multi_order_id" = '12831'
ORDER BY "b"."position_in_matrix"
```

### MultiOrder and SubMultiOrders assigned to Runner
```
SELECT *
FROM runner AS r
JOIN fleet_command AS fc ON "fc"."runner_id" = "r"."id"
JOIN fleet_command_station AS fcs ON "fcs"."fleet_command_id" = "fc"."id"
JOIN picker_command AS pc ON "pc"."id" = "fcs"."picker_command_id"
JOIN sub_multi_order AS smo ON "smo"."id" = "pc"."sub_multi_order_id"
WHERE "r"."id" = '19' AND "fc"."state" != 'success'
```
### List of blocked slots and number of sub_multi_orders assigned to them
```
SELECT sector_id, smo.matrix_sorter_slot, count(*)
FROM "sub_multi_order" smo
join multi_order mo on mo.id = smo.multi_order_id
where smo.state not in ('flushed_to_runner','scratched') and matrix_sorter_slot is not null
and mo.state !='failed'
group by smo.sector_id, smo.matrix_sorter_slot
having  count(*) > 0
order by sector_id
```

## Stop all locked multi-orders
Stop all MultiOrders that are locked. No new Runner shold be assigned / no MultiOrder started.

```
UPDATE "multi_order" 
SET "state" = 'failed'
WHERE "state" = 'locked';
```

Then put them back (**ONLY if there were no other `failed` when running previous script**):

```
UPDATE "multi_order" 
SET "state" = 'locked'
WHERE "state" = 'failed';
```

## Remove failed multiorders and retry
Removes all failed multiorders and mark all connected orders as new to forece core to retry

```
--- 
--- Alter 
---
WITH R as (
    SELECT 
        M.id as m_id, M.state as m_state,
        O.id as o_id, O.state as o_state
    FROM "multi_order" M
        INNER JOIN "order_in_multi_order" OM ON OM.multi_order_id = M.id
        INNER JOIN "order" O ON OM.order_id = O.id
    WHERE 
        M.state='failed' AND O.state='locked'
)
UPDATE
    "order" AS O
SET
    state = 'new'
FROM R
WHERE 
    O.id = R.o_id AND R.m_state = 'failed' and R.o_state = 'locked';

---
--- Clean up
---
DELETE FROM  
    "picker_command" P
USING 
    "sub_multi_order" SM,
    "multi_order" M
WHERE 
    SM.multi_order_id = M.id AND 
    P.sub_multi_
    "multi_order" M
WHERE 
    SM.multi_order_id = M.id AND 
    M.state='failed';

---
DELETE FROM
    "external_command" EC
USING 
    "multi_order" M
WHERE 
    EC.multiorder_id = M.id AND
    M.state='failed';

---
DELETE FROM 
    "order_in_multi_order" OM
USING
    "multi_order" M
WHERE 
    M.state='failed' AND OM.multi_order_id = M.id;

---
DELETE FROM 
    "multi_order"
WHERE 
    state='failed';
DELETE FROM 
    "sub_multi_order" SM 
USING 
    "multi_order" M
WHERE 
    SM.multi_order_id = M.id AND 
    M.state='failed';

---
DELETE FROM
    "external_command" EC
USING 
    "multi_order" M
WHERE 
    EC.multiorder_id = M.id AND
    M.state='failed';

---
DELETE FROM 
    "order_in_multi_order" OM
USING
    "multi_order" M
WHERE 
    M.state='failed' AND OM.multi_order_id = M.id;

---
DELETE FROM 
    "multi_order"
WHERE 
    state='failed';
```

# Matrix Table

## Matrix Table does not store to slot

### Find PickerCommand in sector
```
SELECT * 
FROM "picker_command" AS pc, "sub_multi_order" AS smo
WHERE "sector_id" = <SECTOR_ID> AND pc.sub_multi_order_id = smo.id
```

### Did we send PickerComand?
- TODO:
 
### Did EMANS accept PickerCommand
- TODO:

### Did EMANS confirmed picking finished?
- TODO:

## Matrix Table does no flush slot
- Is there a goods stored in a slot?
- Is there a Runner under a slot? Did fleet notified runner has arrived?
- Did we send the flush request to Table?
- Did Table confirm the flush request?
- Did Table end us flush finished notification?
- TODO:

# Fleet

## Fleet does not continue after flush
- Did Table notify Core that flushing was finished?
- Did we send Fleet continue request?
- Did Fleet accept continue request?
- Did Fleet send notification Runner has arrived to the station?
- Is the target station for the Runner free? Isn't there deadlock - cyclical dependency?

## Fleet does not continue after packing
### Did EMANS notify Core that packing was finished?

### Did we send Fleet continue request?
- Did Fleet accept continue request?
- Did Fleet send notification Runner has arrived to the station?
- Is the target station for the Runner free? Isn't there deadlock - cyclical dependency?

Solutions:
- Change state of runner from PICKING -> PICKING_DONE

## Positions and open-times for Fleet Command

```
SELECT fcs.id, position_id, state, fleet_continue_request_id, fleet_position_id
FROM "fleet_command_station" AS fcs, "position" AS p
WHERE "fleet_command_id" = '523' AND fcs.position_id = p.id
LIMIT 50
```

# Packing
## Does Core know Runner has arrived to packing?
## Did we send `packing_request` to EMANS?
- Check if ExternalCommand with type `pack` and multiorder_id exists 
- Resolve:
- set multi_order back to in_progress
- set fleet_command back to in_progress
- set last packing `fleet_command_station` from `arrived` back to `planned`
- restart application

## Did EMANS accept `packing_request`?
- Did EMANS send us packing finished notification?

- Did we send command to Fleet?
- Did Fleet acknowledged the command?
- Did Fleet confirmed

# Locking

## EMANS has MultiOrder locked, but we do not have command accepted
They respond with HTTP 403 to out repeated requests.

**Solution:** Set state of `external_command = accepted` and restart.

# Special Queries

## Find Order, that adds the most (maximizes) average quantity per stop to already chosen Orders
```
SELECT "o"."id" AS oid, AVG(quantity) AS avg
FROM sub_order AS s, "order" AS o
WHERE "s"."order_id" <= 2000 OR "s"."order_id" = "o"."id"
GROUP BY o.id
ORDER BY avg DESC
```

## Find Orders with minimal number of sectors
```
SELECT order_id, count(sub_order.sector_id) AS sector_count 
FROM "order"
JOIN "sub_order" ON "sub_order"."order_id" = "order"."id"
WHERE "order".state = 'new' 
GROUP BY order_id 
ORDER BY sector_count
```
